welcome friends it is also Stafford it's
time for a new guide series called this
short smut guides for beginners first up
is going to be ogni now what's happening
here is gonna be a lot of basic
information for new players playing
these guns if you're advanced or expert
ain't gonna be nothing for it nothing
nothing at I'll watch it anyway so that
you can put some comments to help
players out but this is for the
beginners they're gonna be around 5 or 6
minutes or less trying for that short
time so that we can make them out
hopefully weekly and so we can get them
all out by the end of the year like
every single god if we can and we're
gonna go alphabetical so odd me down to
Jean Quan this another Z happens after
Jean Kwai then it'll be that gun I'm
gonna be very general here just give a
lot of basic information very useful
information for beginners said they do
really well with the gods and they'll
find their way letter on to do better in
advance an expert play on their own one
more thing to mention is that we're not
going to include builds in this guy the
reason for that is bills get out of date
very quickly so I'm not gonna do that so
we don't date the guide so this guide
will be relevant even a year from now
unless Agni gets remade there's the idea
there and that should be all of it so
let's go ahead and get going
so Agni is a traditional man she's
extremely bursty in a short amount of
time and he can cause just a lot of
damage and death he can kill pretty well
you'd also set up four teammates with a
stun that he has now because he's a
matrix traditionally played in the mid
he can bleed in the solo jungle not so
great
ADC not so great and as far as support
go some have had some success with it
because of his stun not the best but it
is doable but definitely for a beginner
just flame in the mid lane and solo if
you have to you but definitely mid is
where he plays very well
agnese abilities first I was this
passive combustion after for success
with basic attacks your next flame
waiver Reina fire which is your two or
four will do a damage overtime effect
which is basically a burn and it's
really nice of just doing more damage to
an enemy for harassment or didn't maybe
even kill them these first ability is
called noxious flames this is a range a
OE attack that puts a gas cloud out
there and it'll stay there for a while
anything that stands in it will take
damage but if Agni hits it with his
other abilities its flame wave found the
flames or even his ultimate arena fire
it'll explode and stun any enemies
affected but very useful you set enemies
up for yourself and teams to kill and
just burst into death these next
abilities flame ways it's just this big
burst of fire in front of him does a lot
of damage very nice is there the
billions called path of flames what
happens is he dashes
and behind he leaves a path of flames so
it stays for three seconds an enemy
enemies standing and it will get burned
for a while they're standing in it so
you can put in front of a minion line
and burn them down and put the furtive
enemy gods and burn them pretty nice
there and lastly there's his ultimate
rain of fire now this is interesting
Altima tain't that it has charges every
20 seconds you gain a charge at a
maximum of 3 charges when you have a
charge you can launch yourself and it is
a range a OE attack that does a bunch of
damage it takes a moment after firing to
land but it does really good damage and
you can fire them early with one or two
charges but when you have all three
charge you can just launch them in
succession and do a whole bunch of
damage you just got to make sure your
actor with it it's really good and you
can lessen the time between charges with
cooldown tips and combos first one is a
clearing tip and that is flame wave
that's your main damage dealer for
clearing waves and the best thing to do
about it is just to for busy facts the
build-up combustion they do the flame
wave you'll melt down the enemy Ming's
gonna be really good for you the other
thing you can do though is that you can
build combustion and hit an enemy gun
with an ultimate for harassment you'll
hurt them pretty good and then they're
gonna maybe want to consider going back
to base or they're gonna stick around
and they're gonna be a little beat up
and if you do that one or two times
don't maybe maybe half life or close to
it and later on you can consider hitting
them with all of your bursts and killing
them right on the spot it is really nice
to do is just something to consider now
we got to talk about combos there are
five potential combos with the noxious
fumes three of them can be done when you
throw the fumes at first and two can be
done after the first thing your simple
that is you put out the fume and you hit
it with your flame wave or you hit it
with your dash or you hit it with your
ultimate simple is that now the other
two are a little more complex and that
is after your dash you can turn around
and put the fumes on top of your flame
half and that can stun someone chasing
that's really nice there the last one
takes just really quick clicking that is
you throw out your ultimate and you can
very quickly put out the noxious fumes
right where you threw the ultima at the
same time just hit four throw it and
then hit one and hit it as fast as you
can
you put the fumes on it you know your
enemy got with some damage and stun them
then you can just drop your other
Ultimates on them or you can run over
and hit them the flame wave whatever you
want to do but it's a really nice purse
that is possible and it just works out
really well and one last thing very
important for beginners use your path of
flames defensively only is it for escape
so you're not use it aggressively if you
do this you will die very little you're
gonna be very freshman for your
opponents to deal with it's just very
simple advice onlys defensively and
you'll do very well without day now when
it comes to stats for beginners I'm
gonna tell you right now just focus on
all
no D get a bunch of power get a lot of
penetration get life still if you need
it
as far as defensive goes BJ's in combat
blank you have a - already they also get
you out of even more sticky situations
but armor really not so great on Oggie
in my opinion now you also want to get
items that have a lot of procs that is
just stuff that is affected by his
abilities more often because he bursts
so much into so many abilities at once
you'll get those props the fool very
quickly you can take full advantage of
them in conclusion that is the argue
short guide right there easy bursty
major does a lot of damage wrecks people
very hard very important for beginners
is just learning when and where to use
your stun and of course just landing
your shots it's very hard to land them
when you're first plane but eventually
you'll get better with it and I just got
a really right use that - defensively it
will keep you alive it definitely will
so there we go right there a lot of good
information for beginners good luck out
there with ogni and the next guy should
be on his income he's next in line in
the alphabetical order that should be a
lot of fun there and of course you have
any feedback on the guide if you feel
like um I did not give enough
information keep in mind that this is a
beginner guide not trying to overload
them with too much advanced and expert
information just enough to help them do
well from the start but if you have some
advice you want to give to agony players
go ahead and put them in the comments
you can also put builds if you want I
did not mention builds like I said
because they would become obsolete over
time and I'd like for this to be useful
to people going forward even a year from
now they go that right there is the
guide I had from before watching and
listening and that's what's all about is
it having fun likes coming by in see you
next time